my character name the one I portray when
we ever do reenactments like this is
Ricardo Sanchez Solano just an ordinary
private let me tell you about a little
bit about what I'm wearing and what is
significance is let's just start here
with the hat very very often people
assume that this the tricorn hat is a
pirate hat this actually is the baseball
cap in the colonial period it started
out as a military hat and the reason it
has three sides is that when a soldier
went to fire his gun the lock is here so
if the Hat was around a hat so if the
had came over the lock what would happen
when he pulled the trigger he'd burned
this side of the Hat so they began by
cocking this side and then when they
started doing military drills and the
soldiers are marching they have to carry
their gun on the left side so if you're
gonna put your gun on your shoulder you
can't have the round hat out this way so
they cocked this part if you're going on
a long march you carry your gun across
your shoulder and droop your arms over
the top
so that's results in the tricorn as I
said it begins as a military had but
people say hey that's cool
and so everybody civilians and military
started using it just like a baseball
cap today now this cockade has
significance this is what this is the
only part of my uniform that tells you
I'm Spanish red was used by Spain black
was used by Britain and white was used
by France in fact if you see our British
colleagues here today
you'll notice that they're wearing black
cockades and they're in their heads the
weskit this color this is a weskit it's
basically a short sleeve coat the thing
that's comparable to it today is the
vest that men sometimes wear with their
suit and then the breeches these are
actually they come here I'm not them
covered up now with my gaiters which
were actually what was you
when you out went out on patrol
so actually what happens like today the
breeches combined with the Gators
eventually become our long pants and
then our my shoes are buckled instead of
laced or tied they did have lace shoes
as well but the more common thing would
need for having a buckle shoe
this shirt is actually my undershirt
this is my what I sleep in at night and
that's why in this time period no decent
man would ever go out in public without
his Wescoe it would be like today if you
went out to go to Publix in your pajamas
people would be staring at your energy